[Music]
every day is kind of the same i wake up
i have my coffee i watch some news and i
play some video games and then i just
play video games
for the rest of the day
and when i was a kid that's what i
wanted to do most people they have jobs
and they go to work not because they
want to but because they have to
but then they also don't realize that
even though they might think having to
go to work sucks and they wish they
could stay at home
well what happens is when you get to
stay at home every day and not have to
go to work is
you end up feeling like me
really really miserable i just can't
help but feel
really really bored and
kind of depressed these days and now
compared to them even though i've got
money now
it seems like a great thing in a way
it's also
like a like a self-imposed self-created
prison there's not really anything that
interests me you could suggest all kinds
of things you could say why don't you
try fishing why don't you try an art
class why don't you try pottery why
don't you take up ballet and the problem
is none of those things sound
interesting to me i can't think of a
single thing
that actually interests me outside of
video games like a self-imposed
self-created prison video games are all
good and well and everything but it's
not really a productive thing it's not
something
you
you put work into and create something
meaningful i mean you could put work
into your character and level up and get
new gear and get level 50
logging skills and stuff like that but
at the end of the day it's just a video
game and it doesn't really
make me feel fulfilled i can get to max
level on a video game become really
powerful and it still feels kind of
empty at the end of the day as i got
older i just kind of
lost any willpower to do anything
difficult or challenging
and it kind of sucks because i don't
feel proud of anything
now i don't feel
like i'm developing any kind of skill or
i'm not creating anything cool and i
just think it would be really nice if i
could find something i actually felt
passionate towards and i guess having a
girlfriend is not really going to make
things a lot better anyway because i had
a girlfriend last year and to be honest
i still felt
miserable and sad and bored as well last
year i didn't know what to do i didn't
have anything i felt passionate towards
i just spent all day playing games just
spent all day playing games i'm watching
porn and
yeah that's probably why she dumped me
because i was just miserable and boring
and depressed all the time and not
really fun to be around
i get emails from younger guys asking
these kinds of questions they tell me
they want to quit video games they tell
me that it just doesn't make them happy
the way they used to
like when they were 11 years old all
they wanted to do was drop out of school
stay at home sit on that couch and watch
sonic the hedgehog bounce onto his
enemies again and again play
mario
super mario mario 64 again and again
again and now they feel like they've
gotten out in the real world
they're an adult
and it's somehow hollow it's somehow
meaningless someone just just doesn't
make them happy the way they used to no
no man the the problem is the controller
you're using
okay so dude i've seen some of your
videos on this i see you're using like
the nintendo switch with that crappy
control comes no man you've got to
invest in like a better quality
controller like the the hori commander 4
here it's excellent and then go back and
play those same video games that made
you happy when you were 11 years old and
i promise you man it'll clear right up
all this stuff you're saying about like
not having enough meaning in your life
not having a sense of purpose not having
a sense of motivation you'd really be
surprised man i think it's the it's the
tactility of the buttons and like the
responsiveness of the deep end that is
probably what's getting you down anytime
you question video games this way
and think it's not going to make you
happy like keep in mind you know
fundamentally as human beings we're
products of evolution we came out of the
jungle so it makes sense that sitting in
front of the tv and watching sonic the
hedgehog bounce on his enemies again and
again trying to get a higher score and a
faster time in super mario brothers that
is what is going to make you happy not
just when you're 11 years old when
you're 31 years old like daniel when
you're 61 it's not gonna it's not going
to change right look think back to when
you were maybe 13 years old maybe maybe
11 years old and you thought like the
thing that would make you happiest of
all would be to have completely
meaningless
non-committal sex with a stranger you
have no relationship you have nothing
you don't even talk to her after that
you just think oh if only i could get
into bed with this woman and then get
out of bed and never talk that's what
you thought would make you happy well
it's still true right does it doesn't
matter you're 31 for it never changes
you never move past that you never get
dissatisfied with that right and if it's
not working for you right again maybe
you got to spend like 200
on a higher quality full-size arcade
stick you know and some of you are going
to say you could get something cheaper
on ebay but no once you switch out the
parts san jose mitsu new circuit board
dude it's going to be over it's going to
be over 200
okay
saying that is like saying to a fat
person when you just go to the gym it's
like saying to an alcoholic why don't
you just stop drinking even if i know
what i'm supposed to do
i don't really want to do it and i think
most people
[Music]